{"narrative":"I am writing to file a complaint against Navy Federal credit union.Regarding OverDraft fees I have incurred. Despite having Sufficient Funds when, Transactions where Authorized. I was charged fees due to Lagged posting of charges and credits. This issue Aligns with the recent ( CFPB ) Findings against XXXX Federal for similar practices where transactions settled with insufficient balance despite initially Available funds. I believe theses practices are unfair and request an investigation into my ACC : and my ACC : being CLOSED for unidentified identity in 2018 Which I have shown my I.D for my ACC."}
{"narrative":"My wife and i both went to university XXXX XXXX with student loans from XXXX. We were defrauded by XXXX and we are not able to pay the outrageous amount of money they want back. We both received our associates degrees and received loans in the amount {$25000.00} each for our degrees. Our payments were about {$800.00} each after we got out of school, which was about 10 years ago. We were told by XXXX we can just put our payments on hold until we could afford the payment. We now owe about {$60000.00} each on those loans. There is a lawsuit toward XXXX that we would like to be part of. We were defrauded on the loan system. Our names are XXXX and XXXX XXXX."}
{"narrative":"I got scammed because of a check I deposited in my account, I am looking for a job, I got an offer letter they sent me an email with the pictures of a check front and back told me to deposit it to buy some equipment with those funds, I deposited it but then citibank the next day blocked my online access I called them and they said the account is under review told me to call the next day So I did, they said now they are closing the account, I have my whole savings in that account I cant go to a branch because I am not in New Jersey and here in XXXX there are no citi branches, I have to wait 60 days until I get my money back, I dont understand, I have things to pay I have my car loan the rent and my savings in general."}
{"narrative":"This complaint is not submitted in error. My credit report contains inaccurate and unverifiable information that fails to meet the legal requirement of maximum possible accuracy. These errors are causing serious and ongoing harm to my financial health and personal well-being, which is unacceptable."}
{"narrative":"American Express Prepaid Card was issued to me for {$1000.00} as a reimbursement for flight cancellation. The card represents Prepaid Rewards, ( a ), there is no reward program for use of the card as advertised, ( b ), when I attempted to utilize the card to pay the outstanding balance on my American Express Credit Card ( 30 year card holder ), it was refused. Clearly, for each transaction I charge on the non-reward prepaid card ( advertised as a reward card ), I loose rewards on the credit card which has rewards. Further, where the card is prepaid ( funds on deposit with American Express Bank ), the movement of the funds from one account to another has no risk and no expense. By forcing the use of the prepaid card with merchants there is an expense to the consumer ( me ), with no reward benefit as ascribed to the credit card. Pursuant to the Prepaid Card Rules this is a violation of the rules in both respects. The inter-lata transfer at the same bank from one account to another for a consumer is requisite. It is clear if the prepaid card is drawn on another bank, the non issuing bank does not have the responsibility to accept the funds on the prepaid card for deposit. However, at the same bank movement of funds inter-lata is required. I spoke with American Express and requested escalation to the supervisor and received the same denial. Prepaid Card number XXXX XXXX XXXX - Credit Card Number XXXX XXXX both American Express."}
{"narrative":"for the past XXXX years we have been going arund and aroun with shellpoint mortg we applied for a loan mod denied becouse i do n't make enough money for a loan mod so finally we got a agrement pay 6 payments on time and you will get it we did it flaulessly 5 months later still nothing mailed then the letter comes saying all the items are out of date so we update it and go again now we got a call from loss letigation that the docs r on there way approved after weeks and weeks and 40 or 50 calls we get papers to sighn and return we r happy until they say the notary republic did it wrong which was untrue so we sighn and noterize again now we call and get updates and all is good even though we get letter that they never received our docs but we call they say its all done docs r on way well we get envelope from them with a letter and a app to start a loan mod i will attach these letters"}
{"narrative":"Hello, I am currently in a mortgage with Nation Star Mortgage. I have had financial troubles in the past but am able to afford my home payments. I have applied, payed all agreed payments on a trial arrangment. The modification was accepted and I sent back all of my documents. The mortgage company insisted that i made a mistake and did not sign one of the pages. They then, rejected my modification stating that i did not accept the offer, but I did, i explained. They also have made several attempts to act as if they are trying to rectify the situation but have not done so. They are now trying to foreclose on my home and I"}
{"narrative":"I previously disputed an account reported by XXXX to XXXX They claimed it was verified, but I never received any proof or documentation showing how they verified it. I believe this account is inaccurate or should not be on my report at all. Im asking for help to get this properly investigated or removed, as it's affecting my credit and financial opportunities. This should be removed I have a police report for this account"}
{"narrative":"I am writing to dispute and request the immediate removal of fraudulent inquiry from my credit report. Upon reviewing my credit report, I have discovered several inquiry that is not authorized by me. This inquiry is damaging my credit standing and have the potential to cause significant harm to my financial reputation. I have already submitted a report to the Federal Trade Commission ( FTC ) regarding this fraudulent inquiry and have enclosed a copy for your reference. Despite this, this inquiry is still being reported by your bureau. This is a violation of my rights under the Fair Credit Reporting Act ( FCRA ), and I demand that this inquiry be removed immediately. \n\nXXXX XXXXXXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX"}
{"narrative":"I was on the income driven repayment plan, so my monthly payment was a little over {$100.00}. I was enrolled in autopay. This month XX/XX/2019, without warning Nelnet took {$730.00} from my checking account when I put a stop payment on. They deliberately took my funds and now after speaking with several operators, first customer service XXXX, then a supervisor, XXXX, and than a Manager named XXXX. They repeatedly said there was nothing that they could do. Nelnet just committed fraud. I demand answers and a refund of {$730.00}."}
{"narrative":"I 've received notice and calls from Diversified Consultants in regards to an alleged debt owed of {$950.00}. I sent a dispute letter for validation to them a couple of months ago and have received no response."}
{"narrative":"My federal student loans are currently being serviced by MOHELA. I am enrolled in the SAVE plan. The Biden administration has announced that due to the ongoing litigation surrounding SAVE, all accounts enrolled in SAVE will be placed into a zero-interest forbearance for at least six months. \n\nI logged into MOHELA to make sure that my account would be included in that zero-interest forbearance for at least six months. Instead I am seeing an alert on my account saying that my forbearance will end in 7 days."}
{"narrative":"Good morning BMW FINANCIAL, in accordance with the Fair Credit Reporting Act this creditor has violated my rights under 15 USC 1681 section 6 o 2 states I have the right to privacy ( 15 USC 1681 ( section 6 0 4 a section 2 ( it also states a consumer reporting agency can not furnish an account without my written instructions under 15 USCS 1666 a creditor may not treat a payment on an auto loan account under an open end consumer credit as late for any purpose."}
{"narrative":"I received a call from the bank ( Truist ) on XX/XX/22 asking if I requested that a new debit card be sent to new address. I said no. I called the bank back and they said they did not make the call, and they referred me to their fraud department, the lady said she would put a note on my account but at that point there was no unusual activity. Then I got a call from someone ( at the same number I used to call Truist ) saying that they were following up on my fraud incident ( the name was XXXX ) and then he sent my an authentication code via text and asked me to read it to him, then to the best of my memory he asked me to enter my pin via by typing the pin into my phone ( and that for security reasons, he wouldnt ask me my pin. ). He then said he would look into the situation and follow-up and that a new card would be sent to me. He called back on XX/XX/22, following up, saying before he could assist he needed to send me an authentication code to verify my identity. I read the code to him, then he asked if I wanted the card sent to me overnight. He said I could continue using my existing card until I received a new card in the mail. I told him no, because I wasnt going to be home and didnt want the card to sit outside. He then said oh are you going out of town ( I thought that was weird ) and I said no. Then he assured me the card would be sent, and we hung up. Then overnight I had multiple cash withdrawals, transfers and a debit purchase. Money was taken from both my checking and savings account. I have entered a claim with Truist Bank, went to the bank to open up a new account and I called the police to file a report, but they say I need proof of the claim from Truist before they could move forward with the investigation."}
{"narrative":"Im on a fixed loan. My payment almost doubled from last year. No one at statebridge will help me. I keep telling them theres no way this is right and they tell me to refinance my loan. But could not explain why my payment went from XXXX a month to XXXX and I have had other people look at it for me and they all say there is no way this is right. Im XXXX and only get XXXX a month so Ill lose  my house. Ive never missed or been late on a payment. Please help!! Im scared and this place is all I have"}
{"narrative":"On XX/XX/2019 around XXXX XXXX i swiped card at XXXX XXXX for the amount of XXXX $ the transaction went threw but the cashier state 's that it was declined. I tried transaction 2 more times when i got alert on phone showing that it had gone threw but the transaction amount was XXXX and showed my account balance now at XXXX. Ive contacted my card and they say they have to wait for XXXX XXXX to refund and XXXX XXXX is saying they dont show tbe transaction at all in system. But its on my card history as a negative charge like all my other purchases. I need my XXXX back in my account and no one seems to want to refund me."}
{"narrative":"Second CFPB complaint regarding company because of refusal to remove information on first complaint. Submitting additional details and documents regarding this identity theft. \n\nI will again say that these charges do not belong to me and the name of the person using a stolen identity card with an old last name on it to get electric service in a state that I have never resided at. Address provided by Aargon Collection agency is XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX, XXXX XXXX, IL XXXX. \n\nThat persons name is XXXX XXXX located at XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX, XXXX XXXX, IL XXXX. This person stole my identity then used it to open an XXXX account using an old Colorado Drivers license with my old name on it. \n\nThis collection belongs to this person and not me. I have resided in the state of Colorado and XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX and has not changed in the last 9 years. My prior XXXX company was also from Colorado XXXX XXXX XXXX ). I have never heard of XXXX Illinois and have never done business with them. \nI will attach proof of this with my current provider and dates."}
{"narrative":"Our primary residence home was foreclosed on last year by Nations star Mortgage. During this process we made heroic efforts to accomplish a short sale and thus mitigate the loss to the lender, with no cooperation at all from them. They took title to the property and sold it within a short period of time. We have subsequently received an IRS XXXX for {$410000.00} which amount represents the entire loan balance. We feel that this tax liability is is error, and they refuse to correct it."}
{"narrative":"On XX/XX/year>, I initiated a transfer of {$94.00} from my XXXX account to my linked bank account ( Transaction ID : XXXX ). As of XX/XX/XXXX, the funds have not arrived in my bank account. \nMy bank has confirmed no incoming transaction. I contacted XXXX multiple times, but received no clear response or resolution. The money is effectively being held without explanation or consent.\n\nI demand a full refund, including any transaction fees, and compensation for the unlawful withholding of funds and the emotional distress it has caused me.\n\nThis delay is not only a violation of trust but also potentially illegal under U.S. consumer protection laws. I expect a timely investigation and compensation."}
{"narrative":"i submitted a dispute to Experian due to inaccurate information being reported on my credit report instead of deleting the inaccurate information being reported they deleted accounts other than what i disputed"}
{"narrative":"My credit report alert went off today saying that I owed a payday loan for {$340.00} to XXXX XXXX XXXX who ever the XXXX that is that took place on XX/XX/2016 I have no idea what Midwest Recovery Systems is talking about. In 2016 around at that time I purchased a new truck with no down payment and a townhouse I had no money problems in to 2016 and still don't. If you check my credit report I am at a 100 % at paying my bills on time one thing I ain't going to do is borrow money from a payday loan or anyone else. You have the wrong person someone might have used my information with out my knowledge things like that happen but it wasn't me. If you continue to harass me on something I didn't do I will file a civil suit against your company ( Midwest Recovery Systems )."}
{"narrative":"In XXXX of XXXX, I deposited close to {$6000.00} in a checking/savings account with Current Bank . I didnt realize at the time that they identified my account as suspicious - despite the fact that I have had the account for 2+ years now. \nI went to login in last week - and was informed that my account was suspended. And I couldnt access any of my accounts. \nI have asked Current where the money in my account went to - as I have not received any notice of closure or any payment for the funds in my account."}
{"narrative":"I was one of millions of Americans affected by XXXX XXXX and DOGE 's illegal access of private student loan data. This is a direct breech of contract and I wish to take action against this privacy breech."}
{"narrative":"XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX, XXXX XXXX CA XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX We requested a payoff demand on XX/XX/15. We were told it would be a 4 business day turnaround. Its a week later and we still have not gotten it. We called and they basically said it would take as long as they wanted and they didn't care who was waiting for it. PHH is holding up being able to close this transaction due to their refusal to provide a payoff demand in a timely manner!!!! This is NOT acceptable!!!!!!!!!!! -- -- -- When is the Federal government going to put a stop to this????"}
{"narrative":"Was fraud out of my checking account from XXXX till the end of XXXX they were under XXXX  They fraud it over {$5000.00}. I got all my money back from Pnc then they turned around and said that I owe them {$1200.00} back to them I dont understand why I must pay for my fraud. I have never been fraud like this before out of my checking and Ive been a Pnc customer for over XXXX  years. They supported all the fraud transactions theres pages and pages of them and then decided to pick certain ones and say that theyre not fraud when theyre all the same."}
{"narrative":"I fell behind on my mortgage payments shortly after my husband died XX/XX/XXXX. Since then, I have filed XXXX Chapter XXXX bankruptcy cases in order to keep my home. \nShortly after the filing of my XXXX bankruptcy case, I ( through the XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX ) submitted a loan modification application to ClearSpring on or about XX/XX/XXXX. \nOn or about XX/XX/XXXX, a representative from ClearSpring gave told my attorney over the phone that I had been approved for a loan modification. This loan modification would have allowed me to stay in my home and complete my bankruptcy case without paying so much money on the payments that I 've missed. \nMy attorney and I began corresponding ( phone and email ) with ClearSpring over the terms and conditions of the loan modification plan. However, after a short period of time, the person from ClearSpring stopped communicating with us. \nI never received anything in writing from ClearSpring regarding the original loan modification plan nor have I received a written explanation of why ClearSpring decided to withdraw their proposal. \nAlso, during the period of time that I was in my third bankruptcy case, ClearSpring did not pay my real estate property taxes for XX/XX/XXXX and XX/XX/XXXX ( even though they were collecting {$110.00} per month from me to be used for property taxes )."}
{"narrative":"XXXX  froze my account for 180 days. And siezed my funds with No Interest payment. \n\nI attempted to link my corporate bank account to the app. \nIt was not successful. They froze my account for this violation. \n\nMeanwhile I also have a business profile with XXXX  in the same app. \nMy corporate bank account is already linked. Have made successful transactions. \n\nThey claimed that the name on the account does not match. \nAnd I am not the authorized account holder or have full control of the account. \n\nThere support team eck out request for documents over a period of 3 weeks. \nDocuments after documents... slowly. Like they are delaying intentionally I submit documents to clearly prove this. They refused the will freeze my funds for 180 day with no mention of release. \n\nI provided Articles of incorporations which clearly shows my name as director of the corporation. \n\ni provide Bank statements which clearly shows the name of the corporation I provide corporate debit card which clearly show both names. \n\nI'm dumbfounded by XXXX  thought process. They do not warn users of any 180 days froze funds for violations. They blantantly hide this in small print somewhere. They get to make free interest on my money for this period for the most minor technical issues. \nThis business model is predatory and a big scam. \n\nA class action lawsuit and investigation should be initiated to see if XXXX  give there employees directive to freeze funds at all cost like this."}
{"narrative":"I applied for the Capital One XXXX credit card based on the advertised balance transfer offer. The promotional materials emphasized balance transfer benefits, which was the main reason I signed up. However, after being approved, I learned that Capital One does not allow balance transfers from other Capital One credit cardsa critical restriction that was not clearly disclosed up front. \n\nThis important limitation was buried in the fine print and not made obvious during the application process. As a result, I feel misled. I would not have applied for the card had I known this restriction existed, as my goal was to transfer a balance from another Capital One card. \n\nI believe this is a deceptive business practice. The advertising led me to believe I could take advantage of the balance transfer offer without clear and conspicuous notice that it excluded Capital One-to-Capital One transfers. Im requesting the CFPB to investigate this practice and hold Capital One accountable for misleading advertising."}
{"narrative":"I woke up and my cashapp was stolen. Someone took all my information off and kicked me out. They sent themselves the money I had in my cashapp and then unlinked their bank account. I called cashapp FIVE different times to get access to my account and they couldnt get me back in. They have the worst fraud protection and customer service. One of them told me to try again in two hours. The other told me two days. I waited two days and they finally got me into my account but my money was gone. I requested an investigation be started to get my money back and find the bank info of the person who took it. They told me itll take 10 days. When they replied they said they closed my investigation because I authorized a payment and I didnt!"}
{"narrative":"I am disputing the following items that appear on my Experian credit report. These accounts contain inaccurate information and must be investigated, corrected, or removed per FCRA guidelines.\n\nCharged Off EX : None listed. \n\nInquiries XXXX  : XXXX XXXX  , Date : XX/XX/year> XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX, Date : XX/XX/year> Late Payment XXXX  : XXXX, Account No. XXXX, Date Opened : XX/XX/year>, Balance : {$9200.00}"}
